Total 28 providers available
gotinder    : failed
dream11     : failed
justdial    : failed
grofers     : success
pharmeasy   : success
youla.ru    : failed
confirmtkt  : success
icq.com     : failed
unacademy   : success
happyeasygo : failed
cashify     : failed
mail.ru     : success
ivi.ru      : failed
airtel      : failed
ajio        : success
qlean       : failed
treebo      : success
porter      : failed
gapoon      : success
frotels     : failed
mobikwik    : success
housing     : success
mylescars   : failed
cityflo     : failed
flipkart    : success

Success: 11 | Failed: 17
Took 30.76s to complete
